32\. One Identity безопасность

22 января 2020 г.

11:28

 

Разрешения для запуска скриптов изи API

What's new in 7.1 in regards to the scripts, ist that the REST API will
block the execution of script if you script does not have a program
function assigned, for security reasons. The authenticated user must be
entitled to use the same program function.

This is an addition to the requirements, that the authenticated user
must be entitled to use the program function "Allow the starting of
arbitrary scripts from the frontend" in order to execute a script in
general.

Note: To keep things simple, this program function is allowed to be the
Common_StartScript program function.

 

<https://www.oneidentity.com/community/identity-manager/f/forum/21567/calling-scripts-via-application-server-restful-api-using-common_startscripts-permission-not-working>

 

###### *Assignment to Scripts*

If a script is assigned a program function (table QBMScriptHasFeature),
the user can only run this script if the necessary program function is
granted to him. An error occurs if the user does not own this program
function and tries to run it.

***To make a script available to users using a program function***

1.  Connect the script with the program function.

    1.  Select the category **Permissions \| Program functions** in the
        Designer.

    2.  Select the program function and assign the script.

        - Select **View \| Select table relations...** in the menu and
          enable the table DialogScriptHasFeature. You can assign the
          script on the **Script** tab displayed in the edit view.

2.  Assign a permissions group to the program function.

 

<https://support.oneidentity.com/technical-documents/identity-manager/8.0.2/configuration-guide/40>

--------------------------
